With the new patient's module in place, we can certainly try testing out the UI,
though without being able to push and pull data to and from the backend,
it's kind of useless.
We're going to add two classes to the server-side
code as a stub for the frontend.
In the next module,
we'll annotate this object to turn it into an
entity for use and data persistence.
Next, I'll show you how to stub out a rest controller.
It will have two API endpoints, one to support the creation of appointments,
and one to support retrieval of all appointments.
This is a crude way of stubbing out the contract between your client and server.
It works for this demonstration,
but you may want to consider a more robust mechanism for your implementation.
Let's stub that code now.
I've once again opened up Eclipse.
We're going to copy files from the GitHub project that I showed earlier.
Once again, the URL for that project is github.
com/michaelhoffmantech/patient-portal-resources.
Let's start with the folder server.
Under the folder server I have a stub subfolder.
This is going to contain the source code for our two classes.
We'll start with the appointment class.
You can find this under the folder,
stub/java/com/Pluralsight/patientportal/domain.
We'll go ahead and I'm going to copy that,
and we'll scroll back up to the project,
and we can drop that in the package that corresponds with that folder.
So here I'm going to select domain, and I'll go ahead and paste it.
Great, so now we have an appointment domain object in our server code.
Next, we want to add the resource.
I'll scroll back down, and here we have AppointmentResource,
which is found under the folder,
stub/java/com/Pluralsight/patientportal/web/rest.
Go ahead and I'll copy that file, and I'll scroll back up to the project,
and we'll paste it into web.
rest.
So now that I have these two classes in there for a stub,
let's open both of them and look at them.
Start with Appointment.
So you can see here in the appointment domain object I just defined id,
reason, insuranceChange, and phoneNumber.
These are the attributes of my appointment.
Also included in this class are going to be my
constructor and my getters and setters.
Let me close this, and we'll open up our AppointmentResource.
So you can see here at the top this class is annotated as a RestController,
has a mapping of /api, and if I scroll down,
we can see that I'm keeping a static list of appointments.
I can create appointments,
and then I can also return any appointments that I've created as I go along.
The behavior getAllAppointments will return my list of appointments,
and createAppointment will obviously create the appointment.
Now that we have that in place,
we can go back to the browser and see if our functionality works as expected.
Displaying the browser again and I've got the application loaded up.
If you haven't started your client in server yet, you should do so now.
Let's go ahead and log in.
I'll click on Account, and then Sign in,
I'll again use user as the Login and user as the Password,
and we'll select Sign in.
Great, now I'm logged in as a user, and I see my Patient menu,
let's expand that now, and I have the Appointments submenu.
Let's see if our route work.
I'm going to click Appointments,
and sure enough we're sent to the Appointments module
and the Appointments template page.
As you can see, we have no appointments yet,
and that's because we're just stubbing out the backend and we have no
information coming from a database or anything of that sort.
We also have a button in the upper-right corner,
which is going to open up a modle to create a new appointment.
Let's try that out now.
Here we have three inputs that are on an appointment,
we have the Reason, the Insurance Change,
and the Phone Number.
Let's start entering that data now.
I'll enter in the Reason as sick, I'll say I have an insurance change,
and I'll put our phone number in.
Now let's click Save,
and here we see the alert for a new appointment that was created.
We also see that the new value has been added into the table.
So this is great, this verifies our functionality,
and also shows that our alert and event service were working as we expected.
If you want to continue with this example,
you can try adding functionality to edit an existing appointment,
or delete an appointment. Let's summarize what we learned.